How to set up Jenkins for this project

Note: This was done on a windows machine. The process may be similar but probably will not be the same
on other Operating Systems.

Download Maven (https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi)

Download Java JDK 8 (https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase/javase-jdk8-downloads.html)
Note: The JDK MUST be version 8 or jenkins will not work.

Run the java installer, which will put the JDK in the correct location, then extract Maven to your
Program Files directory (e.g. C:\Program Files\Maven xxx). This isn't entirely necessary but makes
life a lot easier.

Add the \bin folder of Maven to your PATH system environment variable, then create a new environment variable
called JAVA_HOME and point it at the JDK (Not the \bin folder, but the parent folder). If you already have a
JAVA_HOME variable, edit the one you've got. Maven looks at that variable for its JDK and will break if it sees
the wrong version.

Now that all of that is setup, open a CLI and navigate to a new folder for the jenkins project. Type

'mvn -U archetype:generate -Dfilter="io.jenkins.archetypes:"'

This will open an interactive project creator. I'm going to be honest, I don't know what's going on in there.
The tutorial, however, suggested I select option 4, then 5, then name it demo, then leave version blank, then
confirm the changes. So that's what I did. this will create a new project in a new folder. Go into that folder
and run 'mvn verify'. assuming that completes correctly, run 'mvn hpi:run', which will boot the server. you can
now access it through localhost:8080!

In the jenkins dashboard, create a new project, give it a name, call it a freestyle project, then add a hello
world action and saev the changes. Running a build should work, then look at the CLI output through jenkins and
verify that it did in fact say hello world!

This is the basic setup guide for a jenkins server. The truth of the matter is that I've already done all of this
and am hosting it locally, so we don't need to do this. what we need to do is modify the java files that are in
this repo, then put those on the server I've got set up and test them out.

Relevant tutorial: https://www.jenkins.io/doc/developer/tutorial